--- --- --- ---
Pre story notice:

This is still a WIP, i haven't gone back to tidy anything up yet which i'll do eventually.
I'm releasing this currently for the ability to start drawing it.

Characters with numbers are really insiginificat in most places and should probably be ignored.
Not all characters are actually named yet, hence why the "". However these characters will remain like that until someone names them by talking to them.
Characters with `()` around the name show that it's their own personally thoughts and not being said out load.

Yeah i know this is meant to be a "story", and yet it turned more into a "script"...

--- --- --- ---
*Meanwhile in two separate locations*

[Earth -> Somewhere on the main roads]
Hazel:      I'm going to be late again
Hazel:      For the seventh time this week. Traffic is so annoying
(Hazel):    I live in a very busy area. Pretty much the only way to get to where you want to go on time is by driving.
(Hazel):    Everyone has a car and it's normally frown upon if you don't have a car. Even though having a car is not required by law. Cars are used so much that there is no other form of transport.
Hazel:      welp, time to illegally hitch a ride again
(Hazel):    This is my faviourte way of getting somewhere. Jumping from one car to the next.
(Hazel):    I've gotten caught for doing it a lot of times. But desprate times require despriate solutions.
0:      OI! Get down from there
Hazel:      Oh oh, time to run
(Hazel):    Car jumping is a skill, i picked it up over the past couple of years.


[World2 -> In G's house]
"Master":      Hey get up.
"Master":      You aren't done yet are you?
"Master":      Come on, you still need to fulfil your part of our deal.
"Master":      You don't want your family to get hurt anymore do you now?
Nanami:      NNN~o s
"Master":      SPEAK LOUDER
Nanami:      No Sir!
"Master":      Better
"Master":      Go to the corner and reflect on your actions. I'll be back in 4 ponds
"Master":      I'll be giving you twice the workload once i'm back.
(Nanami):    My life is a miserable life.
(Nanami):    To the point where i wish to just wasn't here at all. Yet i keep living, i fell that at somepoint living throw this pain is going to be worth it.


[Earth -> At Hazel's School]
"Sir Teacher":      HAZEL!
"Sir Teacher":      You're late by 1 minute 34 seconds 56 milliseconds
"Sir Teacher":      DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY FOR YOURSELF?
Hazel:      No Sir
"Sir Teacher":      THIS IS THE 7th TIME THIS WEEK, AT THIS RATE YOU'LL BE EXPELLED
"Sir Teacher":      Hurry along now, head over to your station
Hazel:      Alright Sir
(Hazel):    This is my school, well i say school yet the only people here are people who can't drive.
(Hazel):    Everyone drives here, there is no legal age required for driving. As long as you meet the stupid requirements on the test, you can drive.
(Hazel):    Most people pass their test before the first year of middle school, Those who fail to do so are sent here, to this special hell.
(Hazel):    All we do here is learn how to drive, well we should be. Yet all the staff here hate us for some unknown reason. (Probably due to us failing the test)
(Hazel):    Every day, we turn up. Read a book. Write an essay. And head home. All good and well but thats only half the test conditions. The other half is being able to drive, which we aren't allow to do until we want to take the test.
(Hazel):    Hence, we learn whilst also having no room to mess up. But because of this, we mess up (for the stupidiest of reasons sometimes) and are forced to retake the year.
(Hazel):    This is my second repeat, we are all forced to take the test every year no matter if we want to or not. Both times i've shown up late and have instantly be failed.
(Hazel):    I've read this stupid book probably at least 100 times by now. Although without experience i can't get anywhere.
(Hazel):    I just need to put up with this until i turn 20, then they will be forced to free me.
(Hazel):    For now though, back to reading this book for the 101st time.


[World2 -> In G's House]
Nanami:      We~lco~me Ho~m~~~e MMMas~te~r
"Master":      Ah good i see you reflected. You still have a long way to go though.
"Master":      Alright, for now shift though these papers
"Master":      I WANT THEM ALL DONE BY NIGHTFALL
"Master":      YOU HEAR ME?!
Nanami:      Yeeeees MMMMMMas~~~t~eeer
"Master":      PARDON
Nanami:      Yes MMas~~~ter
"Master":      Better, now get to work!
(Nanami):    This is my life, well i say my life yet it's not mine at all.
(Nanami):    I'm whats known as a slave, and hence i don't own my own life. No matter what i'm told, i have to perform it.
(Nanami):    However, for some reasons there are limits onto what my masters can do. Which is a good thing for me.
(Nanami):    I want to escape this hell.
(Nanami):    My current master is the worst. I've been treated like hell everyday.
(Nanami):    Although they seem better today, it's just an act to let my guard down for them to inflict a lot of mental damage.
(Nanami):    Every cycle, we have to change masters. The slaves have some freedom to choose their next masters if the master doesn't choose for them. Which most masters don't.
(Nanami):    Masters won't choose our next master in hope that all the mental damage they dealt to us over the past cycle will be enough for us to stay behind instead of going to a potential worse place.
(Nanami):    This is the only way us slaves can have the same master multiple cycles in a row.
"Master":      OH!
"Master":      Stop day dreaming, otherwise i'm going to increase your workload tenfold
Nanami:      RRRRight Master
Nanami:      I'll get back to work right away!
"Master":      SLOW DOWN AGAIN AND YOU WONT GET ANY REST TONIGHT
Nanami:      YYYYYesssss Masteeer


[Earth -> Somewhere on the main road]
Hazel:      Morning!
"Postman":      Morning Hazel, it's your third attempt today right?
Hazel:      Sure is! Hopefully they'll actually let me drive today instead of failing on the spot
"Postman":      Ha Ha Ha, Well you better be going, i know how late you can be sometimes
Hazel:      Hehe, well off i go then
"Postman":      Good luck HAZEL!
(Hazel):    Thats the postman, a nice fella. The only person to allow me to hitch a ride to pretty much wherever i want to go.
(Hazel):    Although its more fun jumping between cars, that can get quite tiring. SO having a nice flat room to lay down for a while is a nice break.
(Hazel):    He's helped me out ever since i failed that first time and yet onto my first repeat. Allowing me to hitch a ride as long as the ride follows his route. He has a high standard of delivery time to kepe up with.
(Hazel):    As such, we've had a lot of interesting convesations. And i haven't been late as much as i would have been otherwise.
(Hazel):    I don't know why he decided to help me, but i'm grateful. I wish to pay him back one day.


[World2 -> In G's House]
Nanami:      urg~
"Master":      GET UP!
"Master":      REPORT TO MY OFFICE IN 10 MINUTES
Nanami:      Yeeessss Maassteer
(Nanami):    HU!
(Nanami):    Oh oh, did i mess up last night?
(Nanami):    For now, keep calm and get ready, missing my report will be much worse than giving it.

*10 minutes later*

Nanami:      I'm here master!
Nanami:      What should i report on first?
"Master":      Nothing.
"Master":      For the next 2 spans, i'm going to be away.
"Master":      During that time, you aren't allowed to leave your room. Nor will you have any work to do
"Master":      A servant will come and bring you food and clothes every day, You room will have a shower and bed so you'll be able to survive
"Master":      We'll talk more about the future once i'm back.
"Master":      Understood?
Nanami:      Yes Master.
"Master":      Alright, be a good girl now.
(Nanami):    Oooh, time to practice magic.

(Nanami):    magic is the only thing that can really bring me joy.
(Nanami):    I'll skip the whole magic explanation, you've heard that plenty of times.
(Nanami):    I'm a slave, yes but i still have magic if not a lot.
(Nanami):    However, due to my status as a slave, if i was to try and use magic to break away i would instantely be killed. Thats just the condition of the contract which i was forced to sign.
(Nanami):    Magic brings me joy because it gives me something to play with, and when i eventually use up all my limited capabilities i pass out unable to do anything getting myself closer to escaping.
(Nanami):    If a slave was to pass out, they would either be killed or be thrown out due to them being seen as even more useless. Sometimes their master might keep them but thats on rare occasions.
(Nanami):    Although, i can never get the timing right. I just can't pass out when my master comes back for some reason.


[Earth -> At Hazel's School]
"Sir Teacher":      HAZEL!
Hazel:      Yes, Sir!
"Sir Teacher":      Good job for being on time today, you may begin the written test
Hazel:      Thank you sir!
(Hazel):    The written test is a very easy test, but made extremely hard for no apparent reasons.
(Hazel):    Answering all the questions is simple, and then there is even time to spare once everything has been completed. DOuble and triple checking later i'm don and had in my test.
"Sir Teacher":      Thank you hazel, you'll have your results tomorrow. For now, have the rest of the day off
Hazel:      Yes Sir, Thank you Sir.
"Sir Teacher":      *smerk*
(Hazel):    This is my third time taking the test, and i have not passed once. But out of everyone here, we only ever pass on our twentith attempt. No matter how well other people have done before us, it's like it's a random chance to pass.
(Hazel):    Well, for now i'll go and explore a new area of the city.
*two weeks later*


[Earth -> At Hazel's School -> Somewhere on the main road]
"Master":      Today is a special day, it's a bank holiday
"Master":      Since us teachers can't be bothered to work, everyone gets a day off. Be grateful for this opportunity!
1:      Thank you very much
(Hazel):    Well, time to car hop until i find my postman friend again consedering i have the day off for once.
(Hazel):    Normally we all would be locked inside, which they tried to do as well this time. But i planned for this and made an escape route.
"Sir Teacher":      OI!, HAZEL!
"Sir Teacher":      GET BACK HERE, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED OUT
"Sir Teacher":      IT'S FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY
Hazel:      Sorry sir, got some important business to take care of today
"Sir Teacher":      I WON'T FORGET THIS!!!
(Hazel):    It's simple trying to get away, besides no-one is really fit enough to do anything. They drive all the time, and the sports teachers are terrible at teaching. Hence no one really likes sports.
(Hazel):    I don't like sports, in terms of games, but i absolute love parcour. I mean it allows you to be so versatile with your movements and stuff. Opens up a whole world of possibilities that weren't visible before,
(Hazel):    Right, if i remember correctly. His route goes... that way.
(Hazel):    Ah, the nice fresh summer breeze, time to enjoy today.


[World2 -> In G's House]
2:      (muffled) Welcome back master
(Nanami):    Oh, i failed again. Well time to have this dreaded talk.
(Nanami):    I leave the room and head to wait outside his office, i make sure to pop by the kitchen before hand to bring some food and drinks for him.
"Master":      Ah, you're here already. Now please come in.
"Master":      So, the contract expires in one 月 right?
Nanami:      Yes sir
"Master":      As per the legal requirements, i'll bring you to the centre where you can choose
"Master":      However i do hope you choose me again, i doubt any other master would have been as nice as i have to you.
"Master":      AND BESIDES, IF YOU DON'T CHOOSE ME, I'LL BE SURE TO KILL YOU
Nanami:      Yes sir, i understand what i need to do
"Master":      Also, one more thing
"Master":      The experiment starts today, so just be careful
Nanami:      What experiment?
"Master":      That
*Big portal opens behind them*


[Earth -> Somewhere down a side road]
Hazel:      I think this is the right way
Hazel:      Whats the time? OH he was here half an hour ago.
Hazel:      In that case, he should be over there. Time to take a shortcut
Hazel:      Hu, whats that?
Hazel:      Oh no, i can't stop myself


[World2 -> In G's House]
Nanami:      Whats this experiment about
"Master":      In order to get the upper edge in our every lasting battle for power
"Master":      We need to get more power from somewhere
"Master":      Where better than another world?


[Portal]
Hazel:      AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA


[World2 -> In G's House]
Nanami:      Sir, whats that which just came out?
"Master":      Hu? NOTHING CAME OUT THOUGH, STOP LYING
Nanami:      Sorry sir

Hazel:      AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
*Smash*
"Master":      Oi! Who are you?
Hazel:      Ouchie... Where am i?
"Master":      Take her away at once, we'll deal with this situation later. I've got to check on them
Nanami:      Yes sir
(Hazel):    Ouchie, that hurt. I just want to sleep for now...
